# Bretonnia Royal Armoury User Manual Sub Modders

## Editing lord or item stats
1. DO NOT DATACORE the mod you're trying to sub mod for. 
The table names are autogenerated and everytime the mod is compiled, the names will change. This will likely cause a gameplay bug or crash because of duplicate rows. 
2. It is not recommended to touch any of armory_ tables except armory_items_to_effects_tables. You can edit the item balancing in armory_items_to_effects_tables, you could also ask the original JSON source code to make it easier to find the item you want to balance with the mod author. 
3. You can override variantmesh with your own 3d model, although it is not recommended to change autogenerated variantmeshdefitions
4. For sub mod that touches land_unit tables ensure that "war_beast" animation are NOT used in the sub mod
5. 2D assets can be submodded, BUT DO NOT SUB MOD .bin thumbnail/portholes files
6. Lord skill nodes can be sub modded just like other mods. 

## Adding new items for lord
This is intended for adding items for a lord that already use this framework. If you're looking for creating a lord that will use this framework, head to `index.md`
1. You will need the JSON armoury_data for the lord which you want the items for him to be added. And if you want to add an item with type of **head** you will need the original 2D thumbnails/portholes assets. 
2. Add new ancillaries on the pack located in root directory. 
3. Define the item JSON in armoury_definitions directory that maps to the new ancillaries
4. Define the buffs that maps to the item in armoury_definitions
5. Provide 2D assets for the item icons
6. Provide the assets on the pack located in root directory or as external pack which the user must load in launcher
7. Run the compiler
8. To test, run the submod with the mod and use console command to check if your new items are working for desired lord from the mod. 

## Removing new items for lord
Not supported yet.

## Localisation
1. Localisation process is the same like other translation mod, just look the armoury name in autogenerated tables.